Where the Eric Frost was a young man in Germany who said a good example in making wise decisions early in life
He was born in
1910 baptized twenty-three years later and entered the full-time ministry in 1928
Not long after he was put in charge of the underground work of the persecuted witnesses of Jehovah in Germany
Carrying well for that assignment for eight months until he was incarcerated
In this archived audio recording you will hear the fascinating experience of how brother Frost
Composed a kingdom melody in the middle of Saxonhausen a Nazi concentration camp
I always had the desire to compose music
We had the
As everybody knows we had the hardest work and suffered the hardest in the concentration camps
We were starved the labor exceeded our strengths and the arrestment was often unbearable
So as usual, I wanted to find a way to build up the brothers
We had such a fine unity there in the Saxonhausen camp
I felt moved to compose a song that we could sing together for our mutual encouragement
Every morning we marched to the construction side of a sewage plant in a Iranian book
Our labor group consisted of about forty brothers under the strict watch of the SS
While marching my mind went back and forth and
Gradually a melody formed that's how the music was developed
But how could the verses enter the camp without being able to write them down?
I found a few brothers who helped me. I repeated the first verse to one of them until he knew it by heart
Either while marching or while driving the wheelbarrow at work
I told the second verse to another brother still to others the third and the fourth
In the evening I asked each of the brothers to recite his verse
That's how the song came to life
In the mornings when the forty of us were marching through the streets of Iranian book we already failed worn out
When one started humming that melody the entire labor group trembled with excitement
We had to control ourselves to not break out loud singing that would have been dangerous of course
They would have brought us back to the camp and severely punished us
Shultlos in Kerqa, the freedom is needed
Shultend erheben, the enemies of the haught
They would have to regained us
She wants us to regained ourselves.
We, too, belong to every place.
Only our children,
come here.
Only he can assure us.
As we sat together in the evenings and someone started humming that melody,
quite a number of us sang along.
And we rejoiced.
Our eyes were shining.
This gave us new courage and hope.
We also had evenings of worship, talks were given,
and we had copies of the watchtower that we studied together.
So we were able to have some real times of peace and special encouragement
and felt uplifted by that song.
We also had evenings of worship, talks were given,
and we had copies of the watchtower that we studied together.
Brother Frost, who was one of the anointed,
finished his earthly course in 1987.
After World War II and nine years of imprisonment,
he served as the overseer of our branch office in Germany for ten years.
This was before the arrangement was instituted of having a branch committee oversee the work.
The very descriptive paintings that you saw in this segment were painted by a brother
who was imprisoned in a concentration camp similar to the one Brother Frost was in.
And I'm sure you recognized the song.
You can find it in our songbook, though the tune is a little different.
When Brother Frost found out that his song had been included in it,
he was overjoyed and said,
my clumsy lyrics were transformed into three wonderful verses.
If you turn to song 17 in your songbook,
you'll find the song originally composed by Brother Frost forward,
you witnesses.